It is time to reflect upon your ego self. Nowhere to hide when the
walls echo the you that we all see. Hahahah, the smiles dissolve.
The pulse begins to race. The face aflush of fear so plainly painted...
The Mirror World, the Mirror Maze, Confrontation...
HIPPIE:
Mirror, mirror, I can see a lonely child, he kinda looks like me
Staring out into infinity.
His father lies, his mother cries, his spirit flies up in the skies
Wandering off to another galaxy.
FUTUREMAN:
Secret fears we all try to hide
Lie dormant deep inside us...
Defy the ghosts of long forgotten days
Here inside the mirror maze...
HIPPIE:
Mirror, mirror, I can see an angry boy, oh well, I guess he's me
Rising up to the society
He's aware that no one cares and life's unfair so he grows his hair
And takes a trip into eternity
FUTUREMAN:
Secret fears we all try to hide
Lie dormant deep inside us...
Defy the ghosts of long forgotten days
Here inside the mirror maze...
ROMAN: I see a man, who's unable to withstand his fears...
BOTH: ...inside...
KNIGHT: ... we're all but frightened men, but we have to fight until the end is...
BOTH: ...here/hear...
ROMAN: ... what I say! I am doomed, I have to pay, I can't...
BOTH: ...go on...
KNIGHT: ... and persevere, for we have to make it out of here...
BOTH: ...alive/a life...
ROMAN: ... is but a dream, for in the mirror I have seen what lies...
BOTH: ...within...
KNIGHT: ... this armour cold and bright lies a noble heart with the will to fight...
BOTH: ...the pain...
ROMAN: ... cannot be healed, I'm surrounded by this shield I cannot...
BOTH: ...break...
KNIGHT: ... through the mirror now, follow me, I will show you how!
ROMAN: We've reached the other side, I have overcome my pride and made...
BOTH: ...it through/we threw...
KNIGHT: ...aside our darkest fears and stepped across these new frontiers of...
BOTH: ...time...
ROMAN: ...can only tell what awaits us in this hell full of...
BOTH: ...deceit...
KNIGHT: ..., guile and treachery, will they ever set us free again?
ROMAN:
Riding on the winds of time (Riding on the winds of time)
I've overcome my pride...
Riding on the winds of time (Riding on the winds of time)
We have reached the other side...
Riding on the winds of time (Riding on the winds of time)
Time can only tell me...
Riding on the winds of time (Riding on the winds of time)